illegal car racing that ends in death
that sounds like a blatant
video game but it is the hard one
reality on german roads
what is going on we have the video games
I'm lost in reality
number and that's what's going on short
many of you are probably getting up
the almost furious series and seven at
the exciting car call powerfully
the freedom the speed
Booming engines fascinate us
somehow this mixture of forbidden
and yet seemingly harmless after all
illegal road races have long since
not just on the television or the
computer screen instead
they are becoming more common in Germany
A total of five people are in this
year already the probable race
died and that was not the raser
behind the wheel his cyclist
just crossed the crosswalk
cars or taxis duly opened
their lane of people passing through
random at the wrong time in the wrong place
were and that's why you live
have lost
alone three of these alleged raser
accidents are in the city of cologne
happened in the spring died a man in
frankfurt on the weekend one
uninvolved women bremen
she was traveling on her lane and
It was hit by two razors
wanted to overtake each other from the
crowded street
the now a punishment if participates
makes itself punishable
you get caught by the police a
driving ban € 400 penalty and two
points in flensburg but what are they
for people with their cars through
the streets race fines accidents
and dead do not seem to matter at all
are actually always young men
between 18 and 25 years
some of them have been before
others are prosecuted
completely inconspicuous one is here
unemployed other permanent jobs
but they all have one thing in common
need their car for their ego this
men love cars they are stuck a lot
Borrow and mock money
Traffic psychologists agree that
but here with the race others
want to impress and looking for
confirmation in the cologne
meanwhile over a real raser
Scene on more than 200 young people
appreciates the cologne
let the group meet many of them
in the evening on the right side of the Rhine
at the fountain and then drive in convoy
direction downtown
Because especially like the blades
over busy roads the
miserable cologne wrestler or the
aachener street in hamburg is the
Jungfernstieg is very popular and in Berlin
what a young man recently during
a fan in a big beer garden
clear
the more central the place the more
spectators and potential admirers
there are for the razors but at the same time
of course, that's what the scene does a lot
dangerous for innocent bystanders
seems to be the consequences of their fans
However, the razor no thoughts
do
Transport experts say it's about that
own can estimate realistically
and unite to recognize where the limits
lie
because many young raser overestimate themselves
totally the latest trend in the world
scene with never were at the
last illegal when in cologne with one
but you were dead in carsharing cars
on the way, partly to their own
to protect cars
they may not have a car and
Now how can you run the illegal ones
fight local politics in cologne
for example, roads demand their own
race track characteristics
that they are solid again from me
mobile flashing less lanes for
the cars or green wave only at tempo
50 But if all this is what brings
not so clear
also beyond ps limit for young people
is discussed again and again
a proposal until the end of the 24th
year of life there are only cars with up
to 136 ps and in Austria
beginner half a year after her
license again a kind of exam
with driving safety training and
psychological feedback talk there
are the accident numbers among young drivers
the rental car also declined significantly
wants to be used as race cars the
there are plans to contain the police
to share information with carsharing providers
and potentials do not scrape it
to borrow cars
but that would require the carsharing and
car rental providers first of all the
official permission have more data too
raise
a change at the federal level
It should be determined if all this is true
is really something brings is questionable
Traffic psychologists believe we have
want
and some also believe films like
the fast and furious series or 60 more
seconds and computer games like need for
speed or gotham racing heat their
even more
but we have long known this dispute
the killers play over and over again
ask psychologists to do it
Killer games are aggressive and aggressive
Awaken the need to shoot yourself
or on the contrary, build the
Aggression and maybe sharpening
even the reflexes definite results
existed in the long run
There are never any races to play
less studies the results are here
but similar
The question is one gets through
racing game to speed junkie
or stand speed junkies
Just love racing game if you like
to transfer these studies to everyday life
can not believe many believe that
only way the problem in the long term
to get the grip is there
to dock your problems and that
Need for validation of the young men
arise in the social environment in the
family in the circle of friends and in the
The whole company has more cars here
and more coal transport
verziert what do you think how can you do that
to get a grip on the problem of the rotor
write it in the comments
I am yes and that was a deal
short